it's been an eventful couple of years
for 25 year-old Springbok fullback
filleted LaRue having made his
international debut in June last year
he's quickly adapted to life at the top
this year he's further enhanced his
reputation receiving a nomination for
the world rugby player of the year award
playing rugby in South Africa that's the
that's the big sport everybody supports
the Springboks for me it was always a
dream so then when a dream came true
last year first place against Italy it
was one of the best days of my lives it
was just a proud moment for me and my
family I always know I wanted to play
for the box they have some tough times
in Miami rocky laughs so I couldn't make
it
lots of people told you wouldn't make it
you too small all that stuff so that's
that's some motivation for me and I just
glad to prove them wrong
and it was a special honor to play
alongside so many of his World Cup
winning idols when I was growing up that
was my era so I was in school I watched
on the vilius Brian I watched Victor
watch they moon in the World Cup so
that's what I wanted to be when I was
playing with him definitely the
experience counts and if you go out to
the field I want to impress those guys
you know if you get that those guys
trust and respect on the field and it's
much easier for you what's more he made
a belated start through the less
fashionable ranks I have to work much
all and all the other guys that got like
the inside lane go to the big unions I
was at a small Union so there was a lots
of people are looking at you like
agencies and stuff like that they had to
work harder and just put my hand up
every time I got the ball and every time
I had chance to play having played in
three different positions and scoring
seven tries in 23 internationals Leroux
has brought an extra dimension to the
Springbok attack a play like me I always
try to do something out of the ordinary
so make a lot of mistakes but sometimes
it pays off you small you have to use it
that you have you can't you can't change
that so you just have to train order be
smarter than the other guys I would say
I've the bigger guys running on TGC
dimmler he has to fall and if you get
the ball and be going around that you
just try running around and we'll just
chop over so are there's lots of ways to
lots of ways to kill a cat
growing up I was never the fastest I was
just I think I've always came third
fourth so I was just around the Middle's
or not so but uh yeah I don't know I got
a bit of speed when I got older so it's
it's good to have every time I get the
ball I think that people think I'm going
to do something amazing but in the
national rugby doesn't look like that
anymore
because the guys can study either now
you play they know what you do so it's
it's becoming more difficult to play
your natural game I just want to play
food here for me it's just going out
there and just plain entertainer I'm
discharged new stuff and now I'm gonna
make a lot of mistakes but some of those
you get right as well and then they knew
the arrow I'm trying to play more
fullback now than any other position to
make that my position if I could but our
second third thought I'd like to come in
the flower center any place so I'll just
get the freedom to play
[Music]